README.md, before:

# hisaac.net

[![Netlify Status](https://api.netlify.com/api/v1/badges/7d32fed3-5eb1-4424-bccf-f9566307687f/deploy-status)](https://app.netlify.com/sites/hisaac-net/deploys)

This repo contains the code my personal webpage and blog, [hisaac.net](http://hisaac.net).

The site is automatically generated by [Jekyll](https://jekyllrb.com), a great little static site generator that runs on Ruby. I use Jekyll so that I can write my blog posts in [Markdown](https://daringfireball.net/projects/markdown/), and still retain the ability to create a dynamic, easily updatable, and easily customizable weblog. It's also just fun to tinker with.

## TODO:

- main blog list better, maybe just separated by year?
- add post metadata, maybe at bottom of page

## License

The following directories and their contents are Copyright Isaac Halvorson. You may not reuse anything therein without my permission:

- src/content/

All other directories and files are [MIT Licensed](./LICENSE). Feel free to use the code as you please. If you do use anything, a link back to [this repo](http://github.com/hisaac/hisaac.net) or [my home page](https://hisaac.net) would be appreciated, but is not required.

Commit message:

Remove some references to Jekyll

README.md, after:

# hisaac.net

[![Netlify Status](https://api.netlify.com/api/v1/badges/7d32fed3-5eb1-4424-bccf-f9566307687f/deploy-status)](https://app.netlify.com/sites/hisaac-net/deploys)

This repo contains the code my personal webpage and blog, [hisaac.net](http://hisaac.net).

The site is automatically generated by [Hugo](https://hugo.io), a great little static site generator that runs on Go. I use Hugo so that I can write my blog posts in [Markdown](https://daringfireball.net/projects/markdown/), and still retain the ability to create a dynamic, easily updatable, and easily customizable weblog. It's also just fun to tinker with.

## TODO:

- [x] main blog list better, maybe just separated by year?
- [ ] add post metadata, maybe at bottom of page
- [ ] update résumé

## License

The following directories and their contents are Copyright Isaac Halvorson. You may not reuse anything therein without my permission:

- src/content/

All other directories and files are [MIT Licensed](./LICENSE). Feel free to use the code as you please. If you do use anything, a link back to [this repo](http://github.com/hisaac/hisaac.net) or [my home page](https://hisaac.net) would be appreciated, but is not required.
